All right, you guessed it, onto our next row handler.
In this case, we'll take care of index.
So we need a route handler where we can make a request to API tickets that should retrieve all the different
tickets we have in our tickets collection.
We will eventually add on some filtering to this root handler to make sure that we can only retrieve,
say, tickets that are available and still for sale.
But right now, we're just going to try to retrieve all tickets.
So once again, we're going to write out tests, then do the implementation.
As we go on, we're getting a little bit and a little bit faster with each of these.
So if you're kind of tired of writing out these tests and whatnot, don't worry, we're going to get
through this stuff rather quick.
So back inside, my editor.
I'm going to find our test directory.
I'll make a new file inside there of index test ts at the top.
Let's get request from super test.
And app from.
Up to directories at.
So what do we need to test here?
Well, without a doubt, we want anyone to be able to access this list of all tickets.
You should not need to be authenticated.
There's not really any input required for this thing.
Not really any case where a user might need to provide an ID or anything like that.
So I think in total we really just need maybe one test, one test to create a couple of tickets and
then fetch them.
So let's put that together.
I'm going to write out in its statement and say it can fetch a list of tickets.
But inside of here, we're going to use the same methodology for creating tickets as we did back inside
of show.
So in other words, we're going to make a couple of requests to create those tickets manually.
So I'm going to do an O8 request to app.
I'll make a post request to API tickets.
I'm going to include the cookie.
Not cookie, but set cookie.
Then global sign in.
And then I'll send in a title of whatever and a price of How about 20?
And then I'm going to repeat that.
But just once more.
So that's going to build out two separate tickets for me rather than having these two calls directly
in a row and making this really confusing.
Another engineer might look at this and think there's actually some difference between this.
We're just plain repeating these identical requests in a row.
So how about instead we extract that into a little helper function?
So how about we call it create ticket up here at the top?
And then inside there I will return and I'm going to delete the keyword.
O8 So we're going to make the request and then immediately return the promise.
So now I can call that much more easily from down inside of my test.
So I can call it create ticket, not trick it, but ticket.
And because we get back a promise from this, we do want to await it so that we can allow time for the
request to be completed.
So I'm going to chain on or place an A wait right before.
And then how about in total?
Let's create three tickets.
Okay.
That looks reasonable.
So now we can do a request.
What we're actually trying to test here, we're going to do a get request to API tickets and we're really
just going to expect that we get three objects in response.
So I'm going to make a request.
I'll capture the response.
I want to do a get request to API tickets.
I'm going to send that off and I'm going to expect to get back a status code of 200.
Then inside the response, we're going to have a body property in there that has the information that
was actually sent back to us.
I'm going to assume we haven't really discussed the design of this thing just yet, but I'm going to
assume that our index route or this kind of listing route is going to send back an array of objects.
So I'm really just going to look at the response dot body property.
I'm going to expect that to be an array and that it has length three because there should be three tickets
that we are returning.
So I will write out expect response body length to equal three.
And that should be it.
As usual.
We can save this.
Go back over to our terminal.
I see the new test appear and not unpredictably.
I get a 404.
Okay.
Not bad.
Let's go in to find our actual handler.
So inside the rat's directory, new file indexed?
Yes.
And very similar to the other route handlers at the top.
Let's import express.
Request response from Express.
And I'm definitely going to need my ticket model to make a query as well.
I'll go up one directory model's ticket.
I'll then create my router.
And I'll associate a get route of API tickets.
I'm going to put in an async handler since we definitely have to make a database query.
I'll get my request.
And Rez.
Then inside of here.
Let's get our tickets.
We'll do an a weight ticket, find and throw in an empty object.
That empty object right there usually use for filtering if you want to have any kind of conditions on
what records we actually find, we're putting in an empty object right now to say, just give us all
the tickets inside this collection.
After that, we can take those tickets and send them back.
And that's pretty much it.
Well, what we've written out right here is not quite everything we need.
We do have to export this router and wire it up inside of our file.
So at the bottom, I'm going to export router as.
Index ticket router.
Then back over to our app file at the top.
We will import it right after all the other routers.
So index ticket router from routes index.
And then finally wired that up to our app.
So app use index ticket router.
Let's make sure we save all the files we've changed and we'll go back over to our terminal, see how
our tests are doing.
It looks like we're passing very good.
That means that we successfully created three tickets and then fetched all three them.
One route handler left.
All we have to do is take care of put.
So let's tackle that entire thing in the next video.